Choosing Capgemini means choosing a company where you will be
empowered to shape your career in the way you’d like, where you’ll be
supported and inspired by a collaborative community of colleagues
around the world, and where you’ll be able to reimagine what’s possible.
Join us and help the world’s leading organizations unlock the value of
technology and build a more sustainable, more inclusive world.
Job Description
Should have 7 years of strong handson experience with Core Java Spring
bootShould have 4 years of strong handson experience with Angular or
React
Hands On experience Relational DatabaseMicrosoft SQL Server UDBDB2
or No SQL is required
Should have strong hands on experience working on Microservices Kafka
REST API Development experience
Hands on experience working with containerization technologies Docker
Kubernetes
Experience in modernizingrewriting legacy application to modernized
distributed platforms
Core Banking Or FinancialWealth Management Domain Working
Experience Required
Good to have
Python experience
AlML exposure is valuable
Experience in Cloud platforms Azure etc
Experience in DevOps pipeline CICD practice any tools eg Jenkinsteam
city"
Works in the area of Software Engineering, which encompasses the
development, maintenance and optimization of software solutions/
applications.1. Applies scientific methods to analyse and solve software
engineering problems.2. He/she is responsible for the development and
application of software engineering practice and knowledge, in research,
design, development and maintenance.3. His/her work requires the
exercise of original thought and judgement and the ability to supervise the
technical and administrative work of other software engineers.4. The
software engineer builds skills and expertise of his/her software
engineering discipline to reach standard software engineer skills
expectations for the applicable role, as defined in Professional
Communities.5. The software engineer collaborates and acts as team
player with other software engineers and stakeholders.
The base compensation range for this role in the posted location is: 61087
- 104364
Capgemini provides compensation range information in accordance with
applicable national, state, provincial, and local pay transparency laws. The
base compensation range listed for this position reflects the minimum and
maximum target compensation Capgemini, in good faith, believes it may
pay for the role at the time of this posting. This range may be subject to
change as permitted by law.
The actual compensation offered to any candidate may fall outside of the
posted range and will be determined based on multiple factors legally
permitted in the applicable jurisdiction.
These may include, but are not limited to: Geographic location, Education
and qualifications, Certifications and licenses, Relevant experience and
skills, Seniority and performance, Market and business consideration,
Internal pay equity.
It is not typical for candidates to be hired at or near the top of the posted
compensation range.
In addition to base salary, this role may be eligible for additional
compensation such as variable incentives, bonuses, or commissions,
depending on the position and applicable laws.
Capgemini offers a comprehensive, non-negotiable benefits package to all
regular, full-time employees. In the U.S. and Canada, available benefits are
determined by local policy and eligibility and may include:
• Paid time off based on employee grade (A-F), defined by policy:
Vacation: 12-25 days, depending on grade, Company paid
holidays, Personal Days, Sick Leave
• Medical, dental, and vision coverage (or provincial healthcare
coordination in Canada)
• Retirement savings plans (e.g., 401(k) in the U.S., RRSP in Canada)
• Life and disability insurance
• Employee assistance programs
• Other benefits as provided by local policy and eligibility
Important Notice: Compensation (including bonuses, commissions, or
other forms of incentive pay) is not considered earned, vested, or payable
until it becomes due under the terms of applicable plans or agreements
and is subject to Capgemini’s discretion, consistent with applicable laws.
The Company reserves the right to amend or withdraw compensation
programs at any time, within the limits of applicable legislation.
Disclaimers
Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging inclusion in the
workplace. Capgemini also participates in the Partnership Accreditation in
Indigenous Relations (PAIR) program which supports meaningful
engagement with Indigenous communities across Canada by promoting
fairness, accessibility, inclusion and respect. We value the rich cultural
heritage and contributions of Indigenous Peoples and actively work to
create a welcoming and respectful environment. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national
origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual
orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other
characteristic protected by law.
This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and
Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or
environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate
the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever
necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment
opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that
might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is
performed, provided that such accommodation does not pose an undue
hardship. Capgemini is committed to providing reasonable
accommodation during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or
accommodation, please reach out to your recruiting contact.
Please be aware that Capgemini may capture your image (video or
screenshot) during the interview process and that image may be used for
verification, including during the hiring and onboarding process.
Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant
in the United States. http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equalemployment-opportunity-is-the-law
Capgemini is a global business and technology transformation partner,
helping organizations to accelerate their dual transition to a digital and
sustainable world, while creating tangible impact for enterprises and
society. It is a responsible and diverse group of 340,000 team members in
more than 50 countries. With its strong over 55-year heritage, Capgemini
is trusted by its clients to unlock the value of technology to address the
entire breadth of their business needs. It delivers end-to-end services and
solutions leveraging strengths from strategy and design to engineering, all
fueled by its market leading capabilities in AI, generative AI, cloud and
data, combined with its deep industry expertise and partner ecosystem.