Astra’s mission is to improve life on Earth from space by creating a
healthier and more connected planet. Today, Astra offers one of the lowest
cost-per-launch dedicated orbital launch services, and one of the
industry’s leading flight-proven electric propulsion systems for satellites,
the Astra Spacecraft Engine.
The Team
Software is at the forefront of how we operate at Astra. As a vertically
integrated rocket company, every decision we make is data-driven: from
CAD designs to the launch of a rocket, we look for patterns and
relationships at each stage of our design, manufacturing, test, and
operations. This unprecedented level of integration requires equally
vertically integrated software that gives insight into topics that matter,
guiding our decisions.
The software team has always operated as a small, versatile team that
punches above its weight. As we grow we want to maintain those crossfunctional technical skillsets and embrace diversity in backgrounds
because sometimes writing the best rocket company software in the
world is like programming a synthesizer, and other times it is like sanding
the rust off of an old cabinet.
The Opportunity
As a Software Engineer at Astra, you’ll build systems that support rocket
testing, manufacturing, and launch operations. You’ll work closely with
hardware and operations teams to develop tools for automation, data
collection, and real-time analysis. This is a high-impact role with broad
technical scope and direct influence on critical engineering workflows.
How You'll Fulfill Your Mission
• Develop and maintain Python-based systems for automating
rocket testing, manufacturing, and launch operations.
• Build tools for real-time telemetry data collection and analysis to
support rapid decision-making.
• Collaborate with teams across engineering, manufacturing, and
launch to identify software needs and ship impactful solutions.
• Contribute to internal tools, APIs (REST/gRPC), and cloud-native
infrastructure that enable fast iteration and high reliability.
• Troubleshoot and improve systems that must operate under high
complexity and extreme conditions.
Why We Value You
• 3+ years of experience in software engineering, including
production-level Python development
• Solid understanding of system design, data pipelines, and APIs
• Experience with cloud-native services (e.g., AWS, Kubernetes,
Docker) and telemetry or time-series systems
• Familiarity with REST/gRPC APIs and common data serialization
formats (e.g., JSON, YAML, Protobuf)
• Proven ability to deliver software in high-stakes or cross-functional
environments
• Strong communication skills and a proactive mindset
• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related
field (or equivalent practical experience)
Desired Multipliers
• Experience in aerospace, robotics, or hardware-software systems
• Exposure to TypeScript, Go, or C/C++
• Open-source contributions or relevant side projects
The pay range for this role is: $130,000 - $160,000 per year
The stated compensation range reflects only the targeted base salary
range in the San Francisco Bay Area and excludes additional earnings
such as bonus and benefits. If your salary requirements fall outside of the
range, we still encourage you to apply.
You do not need to match every listed expectation to apply for this
position. Here at Astra, we know that diverse perspectives foster the
innovation we need to be successful, and we are committed to building a
team that encompasses a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and skills.
San Francisco Applicants: Astra will consider applicants with arrest and
conviction records (criminal histories) in a manner consistent with the San
Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
ITAR Requirements: This position requires compliance with U.S.
Government space technology trade restrictions, specifically the
International Trafficking in Arms Regulations (ITAR), Export Administration
Regulations (EAR) and additional regulations governing satellite, launch
vehicle, missile, and other related technologies. All jobs restricted by
these regulations will be contingent upon the applicant’s status as a
documented U.S. Person or their ability to receive a trade license from the
cognizant government agency; in addition to any required company
background checks and in compliance with applicable U.S. and California
laws. Similarly, positions requiring the ability to work on government
contracts or a security clearance are also contingent upon the applicants
ability to receive the appropriate clearance and be allowed to work on
U.S. government contracts.