Who We Are
Applied Materials is a global leader in materials engineering solutions
used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the
world. We design, build and service cutting-edge equipment that helps
our customers manufacture display and semiconductor chips – the brains
of devices we use every day. As the foundation of the global electronics
industry, Applied enables the exciting technologies that literally connect
our world – like AI and IoT. If you want to push the boundaries of materials
science and engineering to create next generation technology, join us to
deliver material innovation that changes the world.
What We Offer
Salary:
$176,000.00 - $242,000.00
Location:
Santa Clara,CA
You’ll benefit from a supportive work culture that encourages you to learn,
develop, and grow your career as you take on challenges and drive
innovative solutions for our customers. We empower our team to push the
boundaries of what is possible—while learning every day in a supportive
leading global company. Visit our Careers website to learn more.
At Applied Materials, we care about the health and wellbeing of our
employees. We’re committed to providing programs and support that
encourage personal and professional growth and care for you at work, at
home, or wherever you may go. Learn more about our benefits.
As a Software Engineer at Applied Materials, you’ll dive deep into groundbreaking technologies—like machine learning and AI—to craft novel
software solutions that solve our customers’ high-value problems. Our
Software Engineers are responsible for designing, prototyping,
developing, and debugging software solutions for semiconductor
equipment components and devices to ensure quality and functionality.
You'll develop software documentation and test procedures, troubleshoot
software problems, and communicate with internal customers to
understand project requirements. As part of our team, you'll contribute
your expertise in intricate systems, deciphering code, and anticipating
software behaviors to ensure Applied remains the leader in the
semiconductor and display sectors.
Role Responsibilities:
• Design and develop code for large scale complex software
solutions for semiconductor equipment components and device
with limited supervision
• Lead and execute complex software projects
• Define software specifications and test plan for test benches and
the lab tools
• Communicate with internal and external customers for requirement
analysis, project schedule and software troubleshooting
• Troubleshoot a wide range of complex, difficult software problems;
perform tests on code and enhancements
Minimum Qualifications:
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering,
Mathematics, Physics, or a related field.
• 7–10 years of related experience
• Extensive experience with controlling instrument/equipment
requiring high precision and high repeatability
Preferred Qualifications:
• PhD degree in a related field
• Proficient in Modern C++, Python, C#/Java/Rust, machine learning,
web service architecture, signal processing, computer vision,
robotics, user interface design, mathematical modelling, numerical
methods for physical simulation, GPU programming
• Extensive experience with development on embedded system and
PyTorch
• Experience with FPGA is preferred
• Leadership skills to lead moderate-sized projects as needed
Additional Information
Time Type:
Full time
Employee Type:
Assignee / Regular
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the Time
Relocation Eligible:
Yes
The salary offered to a selected candidate will be based on multiple
factors including location, hire grade, job-related knowledge, skills,
experience, and with consideration of internal equity of our current team
members. In addition to a comprehensive benefits package, candidates
may be eligible for other forms of compensation such as participation in a
bonus and a stock award program, as applicable.
For all sales roles, the posted salary range is the Target Total Cash (TTC)
range for the role, which is the sum of base salary and target bonus
amount at 100% goal achievement.
Applied Materials is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
national origin, citizenship, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, sexual
orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran or military status, or
any other basis prohibited by law.
In addition, Applied endeavors to make our careers site accessible to all
users. If you would like to contact us regarding accessibility of our website
or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us
via e-mail at Accommodations_Program@amat.com, or by calling our HR
Direct Help Line at 877-612-7547, option 1, and following the prompts to
speak to an HR Advisor. This contact is for accommodation requests only
and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.