At Accenture Federal Services, nothing matters more than helping the US
federal government make the nation stronger and safer and life better for
people.Our 13,000+ people are united in a shared purpose to pursue the
limitless potential of technology and ingenuity for clients across defense,
national security, public safety, civilian, and military health organizations.
Join Accenture Federal Services, a technology company within global
Accenture. Recognized as a Glassdoor Top 100 Best Place to Work, we
offer a collaborative and caring community where you feel like you belong
and are empowered to grow, learn and thrive through hands-on
experience, certifications, industry training and more.
Join us to drive positive, lasting change that moves missions and the
government forward!
Job Description
Software application developer / engineer, supporting the design,
development, integration, maintenance and enhancement of custom and/
or systems.
Must have:
• Experience with software development
• Bachelors degree
Security Clearance:
• Active TS/SCI with polygraph clearance
As required by local law, Accenture Federal Services provides reasonable
ranges of compensation for hired roles based on labor costs in the states
of California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts,
Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Washington, Vermont, the District of
Columbia, and the city of Cleveland. The base pay range for this position
in these locations is shown below. Compensation for roles at Accenture
Federal Services varies depending on a wide array of factors, including
but not limited to office location, role, skill set, and level of experience.
Accenture Federal Services offers a wide variety of benefits. You can find
more information on benefits here. We accept applications on an on-going
basis and there is no fixed deadline to apply.
The pay range for the states of California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois,
Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York,
Washington, Vermont, the District of Columbia, and the city of Cleveland
is:
$75,500—$131,200 USD
What We Believe
As a company wholly dedicated to serving the US federal government, we
bring together the best talent to help reinvent how federal agencies
operate and deliver greater value for their mission and the American
people. We have an unwavering commitment to creating a culture in which
all our people are respected, feel a sense of belonging, and have equal
opportunity. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture Federal
Services has the responsibility to create and sustain a culture where
everyone feels welcomed and included. This is grounded in our core
values and our experience that hiring and developing great people who
reflect different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds is key to
driving innovation and delivering the results that our clients and the
country count on.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their
differences. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to
age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability
status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression,
genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as
protected by federal, state, or local law. Our rich diversity makes us more
innovative, more competitive, and more creative, which helps us better
serve our clients and our communities. For details, view a copy of the
Accenture Federal Services Equal Opportunity Policy Statement.
Accenture Federal Services is an Equal Employment Opportunity
employer. Additionally, as an Affirmative Action Employer for Veterans and
Individuals with Disabilities, Accenture Federal Services is committed to
providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and
women.
Requesting An Accommodation
Accenture Federal Services is committed to providing equal employment
opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances,
including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by
Accenture Federal Services and require accommodation to perform the
essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our
reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate
the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued
accommodations once hired.
If you are being considered for employment opportunities with Accenture
Federal Services andneed an accommodation for a disability or religious
observanceduring the interview process or for the job you are interviewing
for, please speak with your recruiter.
Other Employment Statements
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that
does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment
authorization in the United States.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture Federal
Services or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for
consideration.
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged
records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate
against employees or applicants because they have inquired about,
discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or
applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation
information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job
functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to
individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation
information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint
or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or
action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c)
consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.
California requires additional notifications for applicants and employees. If
you are a California resident, live in or plan to work from Los Angeles
County upon being hired for this position, please click here for additional
important information.
