Sample 11:
FishEye Software has an immediate opening for a skilled C++ Software
Engineer to support the Cooperative Engagement Capability (CEC)
Program. This program integrates advanced hardware and software to
streamline radar data flow across naval platforms, enhancing the
detection, tracking, and response to aerial threats. In this role, you will
work closely with cross-functional teams to support system integration,
testing, and validation, helping deliver a unified and accurate tactical
picture.
This position requires an Active Secret Clearance and is 100% on-site in
Maynard, MA.
Key Responsibilities
• Design, implement, and test C++ software for real-time and
embedded defense systems.
• Participate in design, code reviews, and verification to ensure highquality, reliable software.
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define software
requirements, interfaces, and integration plans.
• Troubleshoot, debug, and resolve complex technical challenges
within multi-threaded and distributed systems.
• Contribute to ongoing improvements in development tools,
processes, and coding standards.
Required Skills
• This position requires an Active Secret Clearance; US Citizenship is
required.
• BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
• Minimum of 4 years of hands-on C++ software development
experience. We will consider candidates with varying levels of
experience.
• Proficiency in Linux-based environments
• Familiarity with Agile methodologies, Scrum, and CI/CD practices
• Experience with real-time operating systems (RTOS) and
embedded programming
• Proficiency with Git, ClearCase, SVN, or similar version control
systems
• Strong analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills
Desired Skills
• Radar domain knowledge and/or experience in defense/aerospace
systems
FishEye Software is proud to be recognized as one of the Boston Globe's
Top Places to Work 2025. We offer a comprehensive benefits package
featuring medical, dental, and vision insurance; short and long-term
disability; life insurance; paid vacation time, sick leave and holidays;
401(k) plan with company match - plus many more exceptional perks!
Salary Range
The annual salary range for this position is $ 80,000 - $190,000 USD. The
final salary will be determined based on the selected candidate's
education, experience, skills, certifications, and other relevant
qualifications, as well as applicable client or government contractual
rates.
This position requires eligibility to obtain a DOD Secret Security Clearance;
US Citizenship is required. For more information visit the DCSA site.
FishEye's passion is building and supporting mission critical software and
providing real time access to mission critical data. Come as you are, we
welcome all applicants.
FishEye Software, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action
employer, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans
and participates in E-Verify. For more information on our EOE and AAP
programs, visit www.fisheyesoftware.com/careers.
• Please Note: FishEye does not accept applications from agencies,
3rd party vendors, or applications with incomplete information.
FishEye Software may conduct background checks, criminal background
investigation, and/or security clearance investigation through 3rd party
organizations.
Salary: $80000 - $190000 per year