Basic Qualifications
Programming experience required
Be able to understand SV CONOPS
Be able to troubleshoot issues with minimum supervision
Be able to collaborate with others
Job Description
Space is a critical domain, connecting our
technologies, our security and our humanity. While
others view space as a destination, we see it as a
realm of possibilities, where we can do more — we
can innovate, invest, inspire and integrate our
capabilities to transform the future.
At Lockheed Martin Space, we aim to harness the full
potential of space to cultivate innovation, reduce
costs, and push the boundaries of what technology
can achieve. We’re creating future-ready solutions,
focusing on resiliency and urgency through our 21st
Century Security® vision. We’re erasing boundaries
and forming partnerships across industries and
around the world. We’re advancing spacecraft and
the workforce to fuel the next generation. And we’re
re-imagining how space can connect us, ensuring
security and prosperity.
Join us in shaping a new era in space and find a
career that's built for you.
This position is contingent on program award expected Q2 2026
This position is for a Software Engineer
supporting the Space Software Product Line Mobile
User Objective System Service Life Extension (MUOS
SLE) Software Systems Team. This role will support
Software Systems for MUOS SLE. Responsibilities could include working
in a collaborative environment interacting
with peers and occasional customer interactions. This
includes supporting the development of Specifications and Interface
Control Documents, test scenarios to test new capability or verify defect
fix, mission problems or questions in computer language for solutions by
means of data processing equipment. Supporting informal and formal test
events, ensuring we meet customer standards and quality, and working in
a lab environment.
Desired Skills
Python
Unit testing
Agile programming
Full stack development
STARS / EASY framework
Software testing
VM Infrastructure
Other Important Information
By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and
could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and
requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be
identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.
Ability to work remotely
Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed
onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility