Meta is seeking talented engineers to join our teams in building cuttingedge products that connect billions of people around the world. As a
member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on complex
technical problems, build new features, and improve existing products
across various platforms, including mobile devices and web applications.
Our teams are constantly pushing the boundaries of user experience, and
we're looking for passionate individuals who can help us advance the way
people connect globally. If you're interested in joining a world-class team
of industry veterans and working on exciting projects that have a
significant impact, we encourage you to apply.
Software Engineer, Infrastructure Responsibilities:
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams (product, design,
operations, infrastructure) to build innovative application
experiences
• Implement custom user interfaces using latest programming
techniques and technologies
• Develop reusable software components for interfacing with backend platforms
• Analyze and optimize code for quality, efficiency, and performance
• Lead complex technical or product efforts and provide technical
guidance to peers
• Architect efficient and scalable systems that drive complex
applications
• Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues
• Work on a variety of coding languages and technologies
• Establish ownership of components, features, or systems with
expert end-to-end understanding
Minimum Qualifications:
• Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree
in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical
field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be
completed prior to joining Meta
• 2+ years of programming experience in a relevant language OR a
PhD + 9 months programming experience in a relevant language
• Track record of setting technical direction for a team, driving
consensus and successful cross-functional partnerships
• Experience building maintainable and testable code bases,
including API design and unit testing techniques
Preferred Qualifications:
• Experience owning a component, feature or system
• Experience improving quality through thoughtful code reviews,
appropriate testing, proper rollout, monitoring, and proactive
changes
• Experience in programming languages such as C, C++, Java
• Exposure to architectural patterns of large scale software
applications
• Experience designing, analyzing and improving efficiency,
scalability, and stability of various system resources
• 2+ years of relevant experience building large-scale infrastructure
applications or similar experience
• 1+ years of experience identifying, designing and completing
medium to large features independently without guidance
• Experience with scripting languages such as Python, Javascript or
Hack
About Meta:
Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and
grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way
people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further
empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D
screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality
to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose
to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that
will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—
beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the
rules of physics.
Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative
Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color,
national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical
conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression,
transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected
veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally
protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with
criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required
by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and
machine learning technologies in connection with applications for
employment.
Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for
candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any
assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at
accommodations-ext@meta.com.
$58.65/hour to $181,000/year + bonus + equity + benefits
Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications,
experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting
reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and do not
include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In addition to base
compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about benefits at Meta.